feat: Add example Go stack (#271)
DataDog/datadog-cdk-constructs: README.md

  - `datadog-cdk-constructs` >= 0.8.5

### Alternative Methods to Enable Source Code Integration

If the automatic implementation doesn't work for your case, please follow one of the two guides below.

**Note: these alternate guides only work for Typescript.**

<details>
  <summary>datadog-cdk version satisfied, but Datadog Github Integration NOT installed</summary>

> If the Datadog Github Integration is not installed, you need to import the `datadog-ci` package and manually upload your Git metadata to Datadog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the Datadog Github integration is not installed, you need to import the `datadog-ci` package and manually upload your Git metadata to Datadog.
```

> We recommend you do this where your CDK Stack is initialized.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the best results, import the `datadog-ci` package where your CDK Stack is initialized.
```
Feel free to replace "For the best results" with a description of the benefits of having the package and CDK Stack in the same place.
